Docs update (#1450)
Synthetixio/synthetix-v3: markets/spot-market/README.md

The market allows traders to buy or sell synths in a single (atomic) transaction. The relevant logic is included in the [Atomic Order Module](./contracts/modules/AtomicOrderModule.sol).

> To buy a synth in an atomic order, a trader may call `buy(uint128 marketId, uint usdAmount, uint minAmountReceived)` with the market ID for the synth they'd like to purchase, the amount of stablecoins they'd like to provide for the exchange, and the minimum synth they'd like to receive in return. The trader must first approve the transfer of the amount of stablecoins to the market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To buy a synth in an atomic order, a trader may call `buy(uint128 marketId, uint usdAmount, uint minAmountReceived)` with the market ID for the synth they'd like to purchase, the amount of stablecoins they'd like to provide for the exchange, and the minimum amount of synths to receive for the transaction to succeed. The trader must first approve the transfer of the amount of stablecoins to the market.
```

> To sell a synth in an atomic order, a trader may call `sell(uint128 marketId, uint synthAmount, uint minAmountReceived)` with the market ID for the synth they'd like to sell, the amount of synths they'd like to provide for the exchange, and the minimum amount of stablecoins they'd like in return. The trader must first approve the transfer of the amount of synths to the market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sell a synth in an atomic order, a trader may call `sell(uint128 marketId, uint synthAmount, uint minAmountReceived)` with the market ID for the synth they'd like to sell, the amount of synths they'd like to provide for the exchange, and the minimum amount of stablecoins to receive for the transaction to succeed. The trader must first approve the transfer of the amount of synths to the market.
```

### Asyncronous Orders

Asyncronous orders involve two transactions: a _commitment_ and a _settlement_. This reduces composability, but allows for front-running mitigation such that lower fees can be offered to traders via `FeeConfiguration.asyncFixedFee`. Asynchronous orders may only be cancelled prior to settlement if it is

> outside of the settlement window.

Reviewer: Fix line break and add "The relevant logic is included in the [Async Order Module](./contracts/modules/AsyncOrderModule.sol)."

Reviewer: not "prior to settlement" exactly?

The market owner can configure various _settlement strategies_ for asyncronous orders. Each settlement strategy can be defined with the following properties:

- **Type** - There are three types of settlement strategies:
  - On-chain: Use the price provided by the oracle manager upon settlement
  - Chainlink: Use Chainlink-verifiable price data related to the settlement time.
  - Pyth: Use Pyth-verifiable price data related to the settlement time.
- **Settlement Delay** - This is added to the timestamp associated with the block when the commitment is made to determine the settlement time. You must specify a settlement delay greater than 0 to ensure settlements don't happen on the same block as commitment (This is strongly recommended to mitigate front-running for on-chain settlements.)

> - **Settlement Window Duration** - The duration after the settlement time at which an order expires. If order has expired past the duration, then the order is eligible for cancellation. (This is strongly recommended to mitigate trader optionality for on-chain settlements.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Settlement Window Duration** - The duration after the settlement time at which an order expires. If order has expired, then the order is eligible for cancellation. (This is strongly recommended to mitigate trader optionality for on-chain settlements.)
```

- **Price Verification Contract**: The price verification contract that will verify the result data blob returned by the offchain gateway during offchain lookup of prices.

> - **Offchain Feed Id**: The feedId used to retrieve offchain oracle price. Usually encoded into the request offchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Offchain Feed ID**: The feedId used to retrieve the off-chain oracle price. This is encoded into the off-chain lookup URL.
```

- **Offchain URL gateway**: The offchain gateway url that is communicated to the client to call offchain.

> - **settlementReward**: The reward amount given to the address initiating a settlement on a trader's behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Settlement Reward**: The reward amount given to the address initiating a settlement on a trader's behalf.
```

In addition to the fees specific to transaction types outlined above, the following fees may be applied for different effects. Some or all of the fees may also be captured and distributed by a custom fee collector, rather than returned to liquidity providers directly.

> ### Supply Target Fee (`utilizationFeeRate`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Utilization Rate Fee
```
